README.md, before:

Ten minute plan 


The goals of this project are to find what variables in weather interact with each other and hopefully to create a small/short term weather simulator.   To do this I am seeking to find trends between variables. This means if one variable spikes does it affect the other variables in a repeatable pattern.  Once these trends are found I would like to use statistical analysis to calculate possible mathematical tends or equations that can begin predicting outcomes.  This will create the basses of my weather simulator and hopefully will lead me to more accurate answer.  My goals for my simulator is to be able to accurately predict one of my six measured variables. 

 
For now I need help figuring out one specific problem in one of python notebooks. This notebook in found in the bin directory named as final_project_code. 

For some reason when I try to run some statistical functions in my code I receive an error that says my variable doesn't exist but when I run plot functions that variable seems to work.  I haven’t specified which variables this happens for because it seems the problem can be found through out the data frame.

Commit message:

Uploaded Talia's comments on Nick's Final Project

README.md, after:

Ten minute plan 

[#Talia's comment are entered like this with a [# ...] inside the text.


The goals of this project are to find what variables in weather interact with each other and hopefully to create a small/short term weather simulator. [# What sort of weather variables are you looking to simulate? What counts as "short term"?]  To do this I am seeking to find trends between variables. This means if one variable spikes does it affect the other variables in a repeatable pattern.  Once these trends are found I would like to use statistical analysis to calculate possible mathematical tends or equations that can begin predicting outcomes.  This will create the basses of my weather simulator and hopefully will lead me to more accurate answer.  My goals for my simulator is to be able to accurately predict one of my six measured variables. 

[#Looking for what kind of stats or math tests or relationships can help provide a more clear framework for what scripts you'll need to write to create your weather simulator.]
 
For now I need help figuring out one specific problem in one of python notebooks. This notebook in found in the bin directory named as final_project_code. 

[# I tried working on your problem, unsucessfully. Having a clear question for why you wrote the test would help the reader fix your problem. Maybe you have an idea of this question--including it in your script would help commentors.]

For some reason when I try to run some statistical functions in my code I receive an error that says my variable doesn't exist but when I run plot functions that variable seems to work.  I haven’t specified which variables this happens for because it seems the problem can be found through out the data frame. 

[#Great introduction and clear statement of goal. More details on how computational methods will be used would help. Also, some bullets about each chunk of script of code throughout your project would help the reader know where to look in your root directory for all the relevant items a viewer may want. Including questions as you go, not just your overal scientific question, can help guide the creator and reader as to what you're trying to figure out/solve/create with each line of code helps fix bugs. Overall, this looks like a well-thoughout project with good scope. It's clear you have a great grasp of Python coding for data management. Clearly planning out your process in English beforehand and throughout may help you have simpler, easier to fix, scripts.]
